After opening and reading the text via the link below, please read the questions carefully. Answer in complete sentences in English, giving as many details as you could take from the text. You should look up no more than five words with the help of a dictionary. This quiz should not take you longer than 35 minutes. Good luck!

 What is the topic of the text from "Welt" and how does the author initially outline what she is going to write about in the article?

The beginning of the text was initially critical. It described a Newspaper with an essay about technology that says: "Can any stop the world? I want to get off. I am sick." This clearly shows the author has a strong negative impression about the development of technology.

 What does the text say about the phenomenon of nostalgia and how is nostalgia manifest in (German) culture? Which aspects of live are affected by the phenomenon described?

The text relates nostalgia as "Vergangenheits-Verzerrung:" literally, the deformation of the past. The psychologist Terence Mitchell describes that psychologically, the brain sometimes retains only the positive aspects from events, instead of everything that factually happened. Based on this idea, the older someone becomes, the more incorrect their memories become. 

What do we learn from the text about "Retrotrend" in German fashion?

The text describes some basic fashion from the 80s, such as bomber jackets and chokers, and common media outlets like Berlin Fashino Week and MTV, and popular culural celebrities like Paris Hilton. The text also describes retro art as a way to remember important events from the past, and gives an example of wearing the same style of clothing as Tupac after his death. The text also suggests to trust older generations, who have been through war, when they talk about their good parts of their own childhoods. The text also points out that humans are less likely to write about traumatizing events, and correspondingly more likely to write about enjoyable events. This explains two things: why the internet is full of positive, overly emotional social media posts, and secondly, why it is easy to search for retro or nostalgic material on the internet.

 The text mentions central historical stages in which the longing for the past becomes an apparent phenomenon. Outline briefly the historical roots and development of nostalgia and its place in society.

The text cites the American civil war as an early example of nostalgia, but not in a good way. The text suggests that because the civil war was so brutal, and traumatizing to people's bodies and brains, that people at the time recorded their memories incorrectly.

 What is your personal opinion about aspects of nostalgia and the idea that back in the old days everything was better? Do you sometimes long for past times, and, if so, in which parts of your life? relate your thoughts to the content of the article and compare where you agree or disagree with the views expressed in the text.

It's ultimately true that the longer human history continues, the fewer details we will be able to record per unit of time. A history book can only be so big, but history continues to grow. This article does a great job pointing out biases that we have with recollecting the past. Children will always be confronted with the question, whether their parents had better lives than them or not, because it is impossible to factually answer the question. Those events aleady happened, and as the article points out, humans become more biased at recollecting their memories as time goes on.
